Ajax Status Panel for Asterisk
Licensed under GPL v2
(с) Lynks.Ltd 2010

(translated by google translate)

Comments to the source code

The idea: get a web panel to view the status of subscribers and trunks instead tormonoy FOP supports
configuration files of the latter.

The program accepts configs FOP, but takes only the data of the buttons and their belonging to the applications
trunks or users. The position of the buttons on the screen depends only on the types of images by name
or numbers. It is also not perceived color areas and sign for them.

It is understood that as part of the system is not possible to match the channel numbers, even for different
technology. For example, if there is SIP/100, then there should not be, for example, ZAP/100. This is primarily due
only in order to simplify the analysis of real interconnect without local channels. It happens
that the call to the number SIP/100 going through the channel LOCAL/100 @ from-internal, which in reality
connected to SIP/100. This imposes some restrictions that are easily bypassed. So for example,
 three-digit channel numbers will ZAP with a large number of channels, such as the four
E1 trunks, which by itself is designed for a large company, and for a three-valued company
numbering cramped. On the other hand, this approach allows you to monitor in general, any connection to the
any, even the virtual extensions.

The panel does not track the number of simultaneous channels to any extensions, and will be shown
the last in the generated list, which is equivalent to the random.

The panel has the search and sorting. Only be sorted in ascending numbers or
names. The search string can search by number and name at the same time and has two
modes: full-text, which sought to match anywhere, and search with strict
beginning of the line, which you need to input the search to add a space.

The long experience of the panel in google chrome memory leak. The solution is simple:
periodically (every hour) to reload the page.
